feat(transloco): 🎸 add option to not change the casing of the provided scope (#794)
jsverse/transloco: docs/docs/lazy-load/scope-configuration.mdx

## Scope's namespace

> By default, the namespace will be the `scope` name (camel cased), but we can override it by setting the `scope.keepNamespaceCasing` option to `true` in the `config`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the namespace will be the `scope`'s name camel-cased. you can keep the original casing by providing the [`scope.keepNamespaceCasing`](../getting-started/config-options#scopeskeepnamespacecasing) config option.

You can also provide a custom scope namespace by specifying an `alias` name in the module/component `scope` provider:
```

Just verify that the link works

Author: Done
